Let us talk about priori analysis
and posteriori testing.
These are the two terms that are used
for algorithms and programs.
Priori analysis is done over the algorithm
so priori analysis means
we will do the analysis of an algorithm
by studying it in greater detail,
knowing how it is working,
and we get some results.
The result of analysis.
What is that? We will find out the time
and the space consumed by an algorithm.
The result of analysis.
And testing is done on the program.
So we run and execute the program
and check it so we will know the
watch time it is taking: how much, how
many seconds, milliseconds it is taking
and also the amount of memory it is
consuming
in terms of bytes.
So this is priori analysis done on
algorithms
and posteriori testing
is done on programs.
Now when priori analysis is done
over an algorithm
we know well that algorithms are not
written in a particular language.
So they are language independent
and also they are
hardware independent.
They are not meant for a particular
hardware. But if it is a program
we write a program that is hardware
specific, as well as language specific,
and as well as operating system
specific, and environment specific also.
So they are dependent on the hardware
as well as the programming language used.
And here the result of this one is
how we get the time and the space.
We don't get
watch time, 3 minutes, 10 minutes, 5
seconds or milliseconds.
No, we will get the time function
and we get the space function.